cheatsheet/index.html # fixed
cheatsheet/chatgpt/index.html # fixed
cheatsheet/css/index.html # fixed
cheatsheet/html/index.html # fixed
cheatsheet/mysql/index.html # fixed
cheatsheet/wordpress/index.html # fixed
examples/index.html # fixed
examples/javascript/index.html # fixed
examples/mysql/index.html # fixed
examples/php/index.html # fixed
examples/php/arrays-sorting/index.html # fixed
examples/php/arrays/index.html # fixed
examples/php/classes-objects/index.html # fixed
examples/php/comments/index.html # fixed
examples/php/constants/index.html # fixed
examples/php/cookies/index.html # fixed
examples/php/data/index.html # fixed
examples/php/date-time/index.html # fixed
examples/php/echo-print/index.html # fixed
examples/php/exceptions/index.html # fixed
examples/php/file-handling/index.html # fixed
examples/php/file/index.html # fixed
examples/php/files-Include/index.html # fixed
examples/php/filters/index.html # fixed
examples/php/form-validation/index.html # fixed
examples/php/functions/index.html # fixed
examples/php/If-else-switch-statements/index.html # fixed
examples/php/json/index.html # fixed
examples/php/math/index.html # fixed
examples/php/multidimensional-arrays/index.html # fixed
examples/php/mysql-data/index.html # fixed
examples/php/numbers/index.html # fixed
examples/php/operators/index.html # fixed
examples/php/regular-expressions/index.html # fixed
examples/php/sessions/index.html # fixed
examples/php/simplexml/index.html # fixed
examples/php/strings/index.html # fixed
examples/php/superglobals/index.html # fixed
examples/php/syntax/index.html # fixed
examples/php/variables/index.html # fixed
examples/php/while-for-loops/index.html # fixed
examples/php/xml-expat/index.html # fixed
interview/index.html # fixed
interview/php-questions-and-answers-for-experienced/index.html # fixed
interview/project-management/index.html # fixed
marketing/index.html # fixed
marketing/instagram/index.html # fixed
marketing/seo/checklist/index.html # fixed
marketing/seo/tools/index.html # fixed
portfolio/index.html # fixed
portfolio/anticos/index.html # fixed
portfolio/backlinkstools/index.html # fixed
portfolio/dlaguna/index.html # fixed
portfolio/grownwithus/index.html # fixed
portfolio/itsthyme/index.html # fixed
portfolio/kalpane/index.html # fixed
portfolio/onlinestools/index.html # fixed
portfolio/remerasya/index.html # fixed
portfolio/royalkilt/index.html # fixed
portfolio/theexperthelp/index.html # fixed
portfolio/voltelectricalsupply/index.html # fixed
service/index.html # fixed
service/magento-ecommerce-development/index.html # fixed
service/web-development/index.html # fixed
service/wordpress-development/index.html # fixed
tutorial/index.html # fixed
